feat(cli)!: find bots by default paths (#121)
ApeWorX/silverback: docs/userguides/platform.md

Reviewer: Overall, I think that the `silverback build` command should be producing an image if it can, by wrapping `docker` (if available) in a particular "expected" way to build/tag the images e.g.

```sh
$ silverback build
Generating './images/Dockerfile.botA'
Generating './images/Dockerfile.botB'
Generating './images/Dockerfile.botC'
Building './images/Dockerfile.botA' as 'github-org/repo-name-botA:latest'
ERROR: Command 'docker' not found, cannot build image
```

This would build with the tag `github-org/repo-botA:latest` (if git is available, and you can find a github remote)

...but this might be getting into stuff that is best left to the github action to configure (basically make the GH action call this command and just keep this command simple with some sensible defaults)

Author: I **can** do this, I really don't want to add another dependency to silverback though, so I'd use system level code to interact with the docker.sock. We don't normally do that though, so up to you. Like you said, might be getting into stuff that would be best to leave to the user

Reviewer: sure, I think in that case, `silverback build` might not be the right name for the command (originally I was thinking `silverback build --generate` or some variant to show that it was creating docker files first)

I wouldn't really call it a dependency though, it's either `docker` command exists and we subprocess out to it in a specific way, or it doesn't and you raise an error and exit

Reviewer: Remember, we are just handling _suggested_ behaviors here to make it easy for folks. Anything more complicated should be done manually, the `silverback` subcommand only works if you follow those suggestions

Author: I like the `silverback buld` terminology. I can add the option for --generate if you'd like. I really think we should get this out, then I can make a PR following this one to really dive into the build functionality to add the remainder of what we want here. Current functionality allows me to do everything we want to in the workflow

Reviewer: yeah I think do this Dockerfile generation if you supply `--generate`, and have it bail if there is no `docker` command to call with the rest of the command

If you call `silverback build` without `--generate`, it will not make a dockerfile according to the suggested process, and if `docker` command doesn't exist then all it will do is bail

Reviewer: > I like the `silverback buld` terminology. I can add the option for --generate if you'd like. I really think we should get this out, then I can make a PR following this one to really dive into the build functionality to add the remainder of what we want here. Current functionality allows me to do everything we want to in the workflow

The ideal workflow here is the average person doesn't have to touch `docker` command at all if they follow our suggestions and have docker installed

This will be what our github action will do e.g. `run: silverback build --generate`

Author: just to be clear, we want `silverback build` to run `docker build` for each file in the `.silverback-images` directory. And then we want `silverback build --generate` to create the dockerfiles in the `.silverback-images` directory. Correct?

Reviewer: > just to be clear, we want `silverback build` to run `docker build` for each file in the `.silverback-images` directory. And then we want `silverback build --generate` to create the dockerfiles in the `.silverback-images` directory. Correct?

Yes!

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can separate these out? It seems very likely that all users will need to manually fuck with their dockerfiles. Adding dependencies or data files. So maybe this should be two steps.

1) Generate dockerfile templates for the known bot sources
2) Build images for said bots

Or maybe add a `--build` option that specifically runs `docker build`.

## Building your Bot

> To build your container definition(s) for your bot(s), you can use the `silverback build` command. This command searches your `bots` directory for python modules, then auto-generates Dockerfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create Docker container images for your bots, you can use the `silverback build` command.
This command searches for your bots according to the heuristic above in your project directory, and then auto-generates `Dockerfile`s for each bot it finds.
```

Reviewer: Wonder if this should end up under like an `images/` or `.images/` folder (or maybe `.silverback-images`?), so it doesn't pollute the root directory?

Author: we can do this, I'm working on it now. It just changes how you build the image.

For example, if your directory is structured as suggested in [development](./development), the `silverback build` command would generate:

As an example, if you have a bots directory that looks like:

```
bots/
├── botA.py
├── botB.py
├── botC.py
```

This method will generate 3 Dockerfiles:

```
├── Dockerfile.botA
├── Dockerfile.botB
├── Dockerfile.botC
```

You can then build your image using:

```bash
docker build -t your-registry-url/project/botA:latest -f Dockerfile.botA .
```

You can then push your image to your registry using:

```bash
docker push your-registry-url/project/botA:latest
```

> TODO: The ApeWorX team has github actions definitions for building, pushing and deploying. If you are unfamiliar with docker and container registries, you can use the ApeWorX github actions repository to assist in these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: The ApeWorX team has github actions definitions for building, pushing and deploying.
If you are unfamiliar with docker and container registries, it is suggested that you use the [[github actions repo]] github action to assist in these steps.
You do not need to build using this command if you use the github action.
```

## Building your Bot

To build your container definition(s) for your bot(s), you can use the `silverback build` command. This command searches your `bots` directory for python modules, then auto-generates Dockerfiles.

> For example, if your directory is structured as suggested in [development](./development), the `silverback build --generate` command would generate:
> 
> As an example, if you have a bots directory that looks like:
> 
> ```bash
> silverback build --generate
> ```
> 
> ```
> bots/
> ├── botA.py
> ├── botB.py
> ├── botC.py
> ```
> 
> This method will generate 3 Dockerfiles:

Reviewer: Think this needs some clean up
```suggestion
For example, if your directory is structured as suggested in [development](./development), and your `bots/` directory looks like this:

```
bots/
├── botA.py
├── botB.py
├── botC.py
```

Then you can use `silverback build --generate` to generate 3 separate Dockerfiles for those bots, and start trying to build them.
Those Dockerfiles will appear under `.silverback-images/` as follows:
```

```
.silverback-images/
├── Dockerfile.botA
├── Dockerfile.botB
├── Dockerfile.botC
```

> You can then build your image using:

Reviewer: `silverback build --generate` should generate and then build these dockerfiles
```suggestion
You can retry your builds using the following (assuming you don't modify the structure of your project):
```

```bash
silverback build
```

You can then push your image to your registry using:

```bash
docker push your-registry-url/project/botA:latest
```

TODO: The ApeWorX team has github actions definitions for building, pushing and deploying.

> If you are unfamiliar with docker and container registries, you can use the [github-action](https://github.com/ApeWorX/github-action) github actions repository to assist in these steps.

Reviewer: We will need a separate one for silverback

Author: I'm not sure what you mean

Author: oh, when we build it, you mean?

Reviewer: yes, whatever github action we suggest will not be the current apeworx one you have linked

Author: Should I leave a TODO here?

Reviewer: yes

> You do not need to build using this command if you use the github action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to build using this command if you use the github action, but it is there to help you if you are having problems figuring out how to build and run your bot images on the cluster successfully.
```
